spec: update signature schemes (#29)
standard-webhooks/standard-webhooks: spec/standard-webhooks.md

| Secret serialization | base64 encoded, prefixed with \`whsec_\` for easy identification. | base64 encoded, prefixed with \`whsk_\` for the secret key, and \`whpk_\` for the public key for easy identification. |
| Signature identifier | `v1`                                                              | `v1a`                                                                                                                 |

Comparison:

- Symmetric:
  - Fast. HMAC-SHA256 is fast and often hardware accelerated, and much faster than any asymmetric scheme.
  - Simple. Symmetric signatures are much more simple and quick to get started with than asymmetric ones.
  - Ubiquitous: HMAC-SHA256 is widely available on every platform and language.
  - Warning: Treat the signing key as any other cryptographic secret. If you do not control the security of both the producer and consumer it is recommended you use an asymmetric signature instead.

- Asymmetric:
  - Provides an additional layer of security as only the producer needs access to the private key.

>   - Consumers can use \`whpk_\` to verify the signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Consumers can use a publicly available (non-secret) key to verify the signature which leads to much better security.
```
